### sjeng ARM with our algorithm
sim_ticks                                3356047069000                       # Number of ticks simulated 
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::0        36989                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::1        27764                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::2     22523309                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::3     22784808                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::4        21438                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::5        21323                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::6        21361                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::7        22191                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::8        36762                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::9        31463                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::10        25373                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::11        38546                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::12          590                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::13          508                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::14        23272                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::15            0                       # Writes to each int register of thread

### sjeng ARM without our algorithm
sim_ticks                                3356047069000
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::0        36989                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::1        27764                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::2     22523309                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::3     22784808                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::4        34731                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::5        32758                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::6        26554                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::7        39670                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::8        21219                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::9        21167                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::10        21196                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::11        21162                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::12          590                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::13          508                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::14        23272                       # Writes to each int register of thread
system.cpu.thread_int_register_Writes::15            0                       # Writes to each int register of thread


